[16.0][ADD] purchase_currency (#2508)
OCA/purchase-workflow: purchase_currency/readme/CONTEXT.rst

> This module is useful when a company is operating in muli-currency environment and most of purchases are made in currency other that the main currency set in the company settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is useful when a company operates in a muli-currency environment and most of the purchases are made in a currency other than the main currency of the company.
```
